Bingo!
Fucking hell.
- Oh, God...
- Keep your shit together.
If you wanna get
'em out of here.
- I can pop these, no problem.
- So get to it!
Security, we have a break-in.
Get the...
I know who you are. I
know what you think...
If you don't wanna get hurt,
keep your mouth shut and
don't move a fucking muscle.
The chimps are infected!
They're-They're highly contagious.
They've been given an inhibitor.
Infected with what?
In order to cure, you
must first understand.
Infected with what?
Rage.
- What is he talking about?
- Get the cages open.
No! No! No!
Listen, you sick bastard, we're going and
we're taking your torture victims with us.
We're gonna get you out of here.
The animals are contagious. The infection
is in their blood and saliva. One bite...
Stop... Stop! You've no idea!
Get it off! Help me!
Get it off! Get it off!
- What's the matter with her?
- You have to kill her!
Oh, my God!
- What's the matter with her?
- We have to kill her now!
Oh, God...
Hello?
Hello!
Father?
Father, are you okay?
Oh, shouldn't have done that.
Shouldn't have done that.
Shit!
Over here!
- Over here!
- Come on!
Go, go, go!
Keep going!
- What the fuck is going on?
- Just shut up!
- Covered everything.
- Who are those people?
Let's go! Let's move!
- Please, tell me what the fuck is going on?
- Just move!
Come on!
Man walks into a bar with a giraffe.
They each get pissed.
The giraffe falls over.
The man goes to leave and the barman says
"Oi! You can't leave that lying there."
He says "No, it's not a lion.
It's a giraffe".
He's completely humourless.
You two should get on
like a house on fire.
So who are you?
You're from the hospital, yeah?
- Are you a doctor?
- He's not a doctor. He's a patient.
I'm a bicycle courier.
I was riding a package from Farringdon to
Shaftesbury Avenue and a car cut across me.
Then I wake up today in hospital.
I wake up and I'm...
I'm hallucinating or I'm...
What's your name?
Jim.
I'm Mark. This is Selena.
Okay, Jim.
I've got some bad news.
It started as rioting, and right from the
beginning you knew this was different.
Because it was happening in
small villages, market towns.
And then it wasn't
on the TV any more.
It was in the street outside. It
was coming through your windows.
It was a virus.
An infection.
You didn't need a doctor
to tell you that.
It was the blood.
There was something
in the blood.
By the time they tried to evacuate
the cities, it was already too late.
The infection was everywhere.
The army blockades were overrun.
And that's when the
exodus started.
The day before the TV and
radio stopped broadcasting,
there were reports of infection
in Paris and New York.
We didn't hear anything
more after that.
What about the government,
what are they doing?
There's no government.
Of course there's a government!
There's always a government.
They're in a bunker or a plane...
No, there's no government,
no police, no army.
No TV, no radio, no electricity.
You're the first uninfected
person we've seen in six days.
Where's your family?
They're dead. Like Selena's.
Yours will be dead too.
Look, I have to find them. They live
in Deptford. I can walk it. Okay?
You'll go and come back, yeah?
- You won't.
- Yes!
No one ever comes back.
So lesson one.
You never go anywhere alone
unless you've got no choice.
Lesson two.
Only travel during daylight.
Unless you've got no choice.
We'll take you tomorrow.
We'll all go and find your
dead parents together, okay?
Eat.
If you want her to slow
down, you'll have to say.
- If there's anyone...
- I understand.
- Anyone...
- I understand!
Okay.
Jim...
Wait!
They died peacefully.
You should be grateful.
I'm not grateful.
My...
parents and my sisters, we
went to Paddington Station,
hoping maybe we could get on a plane,
maybe we could buy our way onto a plane.
I remember my dad
had all this cash,
even though cash was
completely useless.
About 20,000 other people
had the same idea.
Crowd was surging.
I lost my grip on
my sister's hand.
I remember the ground was soft.
I looked down and I was
standing on all these people.
Like a carpet. People
who had fallen and...
Somewhere in the crowd there were infected.
It spread fast.
No one could run. All
you could do was climb.
Climb over more people. So I did that.
I climbed.
And I got up on top
of this kiosk.
Looking down, you couldn't tell which
faces were infected and which weren't.
Then I saw my dad. Not
my mum or my sister.
My dad.
His face...
Selena's right. You
should be grateful.
We don't have time to get back to the shop
before dark. We should stay here tonight.
My room's up at the top.
You two can have that.
No, we'll all sleep in the same room.
It's safer.
Jim.
- Oh, you're back?
- Yeah.
- How was it?
- Fine.
Give me a drink
of that, will ya?
- It's empty.
- Ha!
- Here.
- Right.
I'll start working
on them, then.
Mark! Mark!
Selena! Help!
It's clear.
- That's Mr Bridges.
- Were you bitten?
And his daughter.
From four doors down.
- Were you bitten?
- No.
Did any of the blood
get in your mouth?
No.
Mark?
Wait...
Get that cleaned off.
Do you have any clothes here?
Um... I... Yes.
Then get them and get dressed.
We have to leave now.
More infected will be coming.
They always do.
How did you know? How
did you know he was infected?
The blood.
Yeah, but there was blood everywhere,
It was on me, it was on you.
I didn't know he was infected, okay?
He knew. I could see it in his face.
Look, if someone gets
infected, you've got
between ten and twenty
seconds to kill them.
It might be your brother, or your sister or
your oldest friend. It makes no difference.
Just so you know where you stand, if it
happens to you, I'll do it in a heartbeat.
He was full of plans. Have
you got any plans, Jim?
Do you want us to find a cure and save
the world or just fall in love and fuck?
Plans are pointless.
Staying alive's as
good as it gets.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
What's that?
Let's go.
What is it about tower blocks
and shopping trolleys, huh?
Stop talking. It's
a long way up.
- Do you need a break?
- No...
- You?
- No.
Now I do need a
break, by the way...
What's up?
Nothin'.
I got a headache.
- Bad?
- Yeah, it's pretty bad.
Well, why didn't you
say something before?
Well, because I didn't
think you'd give a shit.
You've got no fat on you and all
you've had to eat is sugar.
So you're crashing.
Unfortunately, there isn't
a lot we can do about that
except pump you full of painkillers and
give you more sugar. As for sugar,
Pepsi or Lilt?
Do you have any Tango?
Actually, I did have a
can of Tango somewhere.
Quiet! That's an infected.
Oh no, they're in. Move!
Wait up, Selena!
Wait for me, please!
Please, Selena! Please!
- Wait for me!
- Come on!
- Run!
- Wait!
Please! For fuck's sake!
Selena!
Down the corridor.
Flat 157. Move!
Thank you. Thank you.
Open the door!
- Open up!
- Where's Dad?
What?
- Open the fucking door!
- Where's Dad?
Let them in, Hannah.
Let them inside.
Go in. Go in!
So, I'm Frank, anyway.
Jim.
- Selena.
- Selena. Good to meet you.
This is my daughter Hannah.
Come on, sweetheart. Say hello.
Come on.
So...
This is great. Just great.
Calls for a
celebration, I'd say.
Why don't you all
sit down and...
Hannah, what've we
got-what've we got to offer?
We've got Mum's creme de menthe.
Great. Creme de menthe.
Oh, yeah. Look, sit, please.
Get comfortable.
- Where are the bloody glasses?
- Middle cupboard.
Nah, the good ones.
It's a celebration.
Top cupboard.
So this is your place?
It's nice.
There.
I know it isn't much
but, well, cheers.
Cheers.
You okay in there, Jim?
Yeah.
Sorry we couldn't spare the water. Same
with the toilet. The flush doesn't work.
You'll have to use the bucket.
Have to empty it each
morning, you know.
Just chuck it over the balcony.
No mod cons here.
It's fine.
Yeah, all right. Listen, it's late.
We're gonna turn in.
We have a spare room.
In there.
Are you and Selena...?
No. No, no, no.
Um...
I'll take the living room.
It's fine.
Right.
No, I mean, yeah.
So, um...
- Goodnight, then.
- Yeah. Goodnight, Frank.
Very spruce.
- Very shredded.
- Yeah.
- So what do you make of them?
- Well, they're desperate.
Probably need us more
than we need them.
I think they're good people.
- Good people?
- Yeah.
Well, that's nice, but you
should be more concerned
about whether they're
gonna slow you down.
- Right, because if they slowed you down...
- I'd leave them behind.
- In a heartbeat.
- Yeah.
I wouldn't.
Then you're gonna wind up
getting yourself killed.
I'm gonna get some sleep.
Selena...
You think I don't get it, but...
I do get it.
And I know I'd be dead
already if I hadn't met you.
Sure.
No, look...
I mean, thank you.
And I mean, sure.
Goodnight, Jim.
Goodnight.
We lost water pressure
three weeks ago.
For while I thought we'd be okay
with the water from the other flats.
Cisterns and tanks.
But it vanishes so quick
you wouldn't believe.
You drink it,
it evaporates,
turns stagnant.
They're all empty.
Hasn't rained in ten days.
You can set up a plastic sheet to catch
dew and condensation, trap it somehow...
Saw it on TV once, but
I can't make it work.
You'd never think it.
Needing rain so badly.
Not in fucking England!
Jim, we're not gonna
be able to stay here.
There haven't been any
broadcasts for weeks.
Just listen.
Salvation is here.
The answer to infection is here.
If you can hear this,
you're not alone.
There are others like you...
There are other survivors.
We are soldiers
and we are armed.
Oh, my God. Soldiers.
- Quiet. There's more.
- Our location is the 42nd blockade, M602,
27 miles northeast
of Manchester.
- You must find us. Salvation is...
- Now it just repeats.
- Why, 'cause it's a recording?
- Yeah, it's a recording.
But this is where it's
telling us to go.
Just there.
The way things are, we might need
two or three days to get up there.
"We"?
Sound carries in this flat. Me and Hannah
do need you more than you need us.
- Look, I didn't...
- No, it's okay. It's the truth.
I can't leave the block if
it's just the two of us.
Something might happen to me. Hannah'd
be alone. I couldn't risk it.
But with other people...
If it's a recording, for all we know,
the soldiers who made it are dead.
It's possible, yeah...
And that stuff about the
answer to infection...
I mean, there is no
answer to infection!
It's already done pretty
much all the damage it can!
- Maybe they have a cure.
- Maybe they've got nothing at all!
- The only way to find out is to reach them.
- We could die trying, Frank!
Or die here.
And anyway, it isn't true what Dad said.
You need us just the same as we need you.
We need each other.
And we'll never be safe in the cities.
The soldiers could keep us safe.
So we have to try and get there.
Get there how?
Just so you know, I don't
take cheques or credit cards.
What do you think?
Well, it's the most direct route
to the her side of the river.
No, no, no. Then we should
take the indirect route.
The one it's in broad daylight
and it's not underground.
Let's just get it done.
No, no.
No. See, see, this is
a really shit idea.
You know why? Because it's
really obviously a shit idea.
So we're just gonna drive into the tunnel
full of fucking smashed cars and...
It's really fucking
obviously a shit idea!
Hold on!
Dad!
Fuck!
The world's worst place
to get a flat, huh?
Agreed. I think we'd
better do this quick.
I've got the wheel.
You're on the jack.
Do you hear that? Hey,
hey, do you hear that?
Hear what?
Right, I've done it.
Dad?
Jesus Christ!
Fucking rats!
They're running
from the infected.
Move it!
Forget the jack, Hannah. There's no time.
Forget the jack. Just lift, everyone.
Grab hold! One,
two, three, lift!
Lift, lift!
- Don't look at them! Don't look!
- I can see them! They're coming!
Come on, Hannah!
Almost.
- Get the tyre on, Hannah!
- I'm trying.
Three, two, one,
drop it!
- Get in the car!
- Come on!
- Frank, drive!
- Move it, Frank!
Whoo!
Goodbye, you fuckers!
Hey, Frank, Frank, stop the cab.
Let's shop.
You...
Anybody seen any buns?
Hmm. Irradiated.
Don't take anything that
needs to be cooked, okay?
I think you can eat that raw.
Decaffeinated coffee, tea...
Put that back.
Can't just take any crap.
If I never see another chocolate
bar again, it'll be too soon.
Not counting Terry's
Chocolate Orange!
Now, single malt, 16-year-old,
dark, full flavour.
Warm but not aggressive.
Peaty aftertaste.
Takes out the fire but
leaves in the warmth.
Either we do this now
or we're walking.
Not you.
- Stay close, Jim.
- What?
You heard.
Where are you going?
We've got enough food, Jim.
We don't have any cheeseburgers.
Like going on holidays
with your fuckin' aunt!
Oh, Jesus.
Hello?
I hate you!
Find anything?
- Find anything, Jim?
- No! Let's get outta here.
Okay, we're done here.
Okay, Hannah.
Easy. Brake!
Brake, brake!
Out.
Mmmm! Oh my God!
I wanna, like, taste
the vitamin C.
Mmmm, the raisins are so moist.
What did you say?
The raisins. They're so moist.
Look over here.
Like a family.
Do you think
they're infected?
No.
They're doing just fine.
- Come on. Let's eat!
- Let's eat!
Know what I was thinking?
You were thinking that you'll never hear
another piece of original music ever again.
You'll never read a book that
hasn't already been written,
or see a film that hasn't
already been shot.
Um... that's what
you were thinking.
No.
I was thinking I was wrong.
About what?
All the death.
All this shit.
It doesn't really mean anything
to Frank and Hannah because...
Well, she's got her dad and
he's got his daughter. So...
Cheeky monkey!
I was wrong when I said staying
alive is as good as it gets.
See, that's what I was thinking.
Was it?
Mmm. You stole my thought.
Sorry.
That's okay.
You can keep it.
It's getting late. I think we'd
better stay here for the night.
I can't sleep.
Me neither.
Doesn't feel safe, does it?
Outside like this.
I think we're safe enough.
Selena didn't seem
to have any trouble.
Yeah, I noticed that.
Hey, Selena...
What? What is it?
How'd you get to sleep?
Bloody hell. Must've needed a hell
of a prescription for that lot.
I didn't need a prescription.
I qualified as a chemist.
Oh, great. Valium.
Not only will we be
able to get to sleep
but if we're attacked in the middle
of the night, we won't even care.
- Two each.
- Not for me, thanks.
Can I, Dad?
I don't think so, sweetheart.
Please?
- No.
- I can't sleep.
Come on, Frank. Let
her live a little.
- Give her half of one.
- All right. We're on.
Night-night.
You're a big softie, Frank.
Frank?
Hannah?
Hello? Hello!
Hello!
Hello! Hello!
Shh...
You're having a bad
dream, that's all.
Thanks, Dad.
Come on, sleepyhead.
Come on, Babe Ruth.
Hurry up.
Oh, no. Did I miss breakfast?
You'll sleep
through anything, you.
Did you have a fry-up?
We'll stop at a
pub on the way. Door!
Our location is the
42nd blockade, the M602,
27 miles northeast
of Manchester.
You must find us. Please!
Salvation is here.
The answer to infection is here.
Must be Manchester.
The whole of Manchester,
the whole city.
No fire crews to put it out.
42nd blockade.
This is it.
I don't understand, Dad.
Did they leave?
- I don't like this. I think we should go.
- No!
Vehicles. We should check the vehicles.
There has to be something.
Nothing.
I can't believe it.
Frank...
Frank!
- We have to go.
- Yeah.
Go fucking where?!
Get out of it.
Get out of it!
Dad, are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine, sweetheart.
Sorry I lost my temper.
Hannah...
I love you very much.
- What?
- Keep away from me.
Stay where you are.
- Dad?
- Keep away from me! Keep away from me!
Keep away! Keep away! Keep away!
- Dad!
- Keep away! Keep away!
What's wrong? Dad!
Jim! Jim, he's infected!
- No!
- Now, Jim! Now!
- Jim, kill him! Jim!
- Dad!
Kill him!
Stay away from him!
Keep away from the body!
Dad?
Three survivors.
One male, two female.
I repeat, one male, two female.
ETA, 15.
Put the kettle on.
I'm Major Henry West.
- Welcome.
- Jim.
Hello, Jim.
Hello.
Well, we've got beds with clean sheets
and a boiler that produces hot water.
So you can all have a shower.
You look like you need one.
Please.
It ain't funny. I got loads of
cooking to do, you fucking Doris!
Run him over!
How is she doing?
Well, she's lost her dad, Jim.
That's how she is.
It's all fucked.
What do you mean?
Oh, don't do that, don't do that.
Come on, come on, come on...
Hey, don't do that.
Look, Hannah is what Frank
says she is, okay? She is...
...she is tough and she is strong
and she'll cope just like I'll cope.
- Just like you'll cope.
- I don't want her to have to fucking cope.
I want her to be okay.
When Hannah had her
dad it was okay.
It was okay for them and
it was okay for us.
Now it's all just fucked.
So you heard our broadcast?
- Yeah, we did.
- We must be a disappointment.
You were hoping for a full brigade. An army
base with helicopters and a field hospital.
- We were just hoping for...
- The answer to infection.
Yeah.
Well, as I said before, it's here. Though
it may not be quite what you imagined.
- Just feel very lucky to have found you.
- You were lucky.
The fire drove hundreds of
infected out of Manchester.
The surrounding area's
teeming with them.
But don't worry.
You're quite safe here.
Flat terrain all
round the house.
Floodlights which we've
rigged up to a generator.
High perimeter wall which helps.
And we've been lacing the ground
with tripwires and land mines.
You wouldn't want to mow the lawn,
but if they get in, we hear them.
Secondary to protection, our real
job is to rebuild. Start again.
The belly of the house.
The heart.
A wood-fired boiler providing us with hot
water. The first step towards civilisation.
The kitchen.
Here you are. I'll swap you.
- Now don't be throwing it.
- Here, give us some.
Don't be fighting. Will you put that back?
Put it back.
Jones, our resident tin opener.
- What are you cooking, Jones?
- Surprise, sir.
I can't wait.
And lastly, meet Mailer.
Mailer, Jim.
Jim, Mailer.
Got infected two days ago.
Mitchell managed to knock him out cold
and we got a chain round his neck.
Keeping him alive?
The idea was to learn
something about infection.
Have him teach me.
And has he?
In a way.
He's telling me he'll
never bake bread.
Farm crops,
raise livestock.
He's telling me he's futureless.
And eventually he'll tell me how long
the infected take to starve to death.
You'll have to wait and see
Hope it's chips, it's chips
We hope it's chips, it's chips
Hat.
So, what have we here?
Tinned ham, tinned peas,
tinned beans and...
- Nice one, Doris!
- Omelette!
- It's a feast, Jones.
- Honour of our guests.
Absolutely. I was going
to propose a toast
but this omelette
will do just as well.
- To new friends.
- New friends.
Jones, did you notice while
cooking that these eggs were off?
I thought the salt might
cover the taste, sir.
Get rid of it.
Doris, you twat.
I don't suppose you
can cook, can you?
I can't tell you how badly we need someone
with a little flair in the kitchen.
What a fucking disappointment. I saw
those eggs, I thought it was Christmas.
We'll have eggs again. Once
everything's back to normal.
You muppet! Look at him, eh?
He's still waiting for Marks
and Spencer's to reopen.
- Listen mate, you don't know nothing.
- I think Bill's got a point.
If you look at the whole
life of the planet,
we...
you know, Man has only been around
for a few blinks of an eye.
So if the infection
wipes us all out,
that is a return to normality.
- That what you meant, Bill?
- Yeah, yeah.
Have you met our
New Age sergeant?
Our spiritual guru.
Tell me, Farrell, exactly why did you
join the army in the first place?
This is what I've seen in the
four weeks since infection.
People killing people.
Which is much what I saw in the
four weeks before infection
and the four weeks before
that and before that...
As far back as I care to
remember, people killing people.
Which to my mind puts us in a
state of normality right now.
- You're not eating?
- I don't want to eat.
You must eat, Hannah.
I don't want to eat. I
want to bury my dad.
He's one of the people
you're talking about.
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Move!
Move! Move! Move!
Enemy in front!
Mick, I fucking got one!
What do you want, a fucking sweetie?
Keep shooting, you cunt!
Fucking hell! He bounced!
Cease fire!
I ain't never seen that
in my fuckin' life!
- Report clear!
- Fuckin' hell!
- Clear.
Yeah, yeah, clear.
Oh, hello!
Listen, sweetheart, you ain't gonna
be needing this any more, right?
Cos you got me to
protect you now.
You wanna get your hands on a really
big chopper, you just come and see me.
Fuck you!
- That's an offer, Mitch.
- Give her some.
How about right now?
Mitchell!
Easy, tiger. You don't wanna go
picking a fight with me, son.
Sergeant Farrell!
- Mitchell, first action on.
- Resecure the perimeter.
Then get to it. Jones,
Bedford, go with him.
Slow down.
- Sergeant?
- Sir.
Clear the bodies off the lawn.
The rest of you, go with him.
My apologies.
Drink?
Look, we're grateful, okay?
We're very grateful for your
protection and just having
found new people but if
we're gonna stay here...
- Who've you killed?
- I haven't killed no one.
Since it began who've you killed?
You wouldn't be alive now
if you hadn't killed somebody.
I killed... I killed a boy.
A child?
Yes.
But you had to. Otherwise
he'd have killed you.
Survival.
I understand.
I promised them women.
What?
Eight days ago I found Jones
with his gun in his mouth.
He said he was going to kill himself
because there was no future.
What could I say to him?
We fight off the infected or we wait until
they starve to death and then what?
What do nine men do except
wait to die themselves?
I moved us from the blockade,
I set the radio broadcasting
and I promised them women.
Because women mean a future.
Selena! Hannah!
- What is it, Jim?
- We have to go.
- Jim, wait!
- No time! Come on!
Come on!
We get in the car and we go!
No! You're not going to keep them here!
You've got to let them go!
You can't keep them here!
Stay where you are!
I'm not gonna let
you keep them here!
You can't do this!
Right, get him!
I want to give you a chance.
You can be with us.
But I can't let them go.
Okay, Jim? Okay.
Him too.
Smithers says "Women
and semen don't mix."
And Mr. Burns says "We all know
what you think, Smithers."
And that was my favourite
joke in The Simpsons.
That's what they're doing a few hundred
miles away, across the Channel,
across the Atlantic. Eating dinner
and watching the fucking Simpsons!
They're sleeping in their
beds next to their wives.
But we're here chained to a fucking
radiator because the OC has gone insane!
Starting the world again when the rest
of the world hasn't even stopped.
Just imagine, just
think about it.
How could infection
cross the oceans?
How could it cross the mountains
and the rivers? It can be stopped.
Right now TVs are playing and
planes are flying in the sky
and the rest of the world is
continuing as fucking normal.
Think! Actually think about it.
What would you do with a
diseased little island?
They quarantined us.
"There is no infection. It's just
people killing people". He's insane!
Time to go.
Quarantine?
- Please...
- Believe me, I'm not interested.
You see, I'm gonna have the black one.
And I'm gonna make her squirm.
Mitchell, I swear to God it's
gonna end badly for you.
Move.
Come on, move! Get up!
Get up, you cunt! Fucking move!
Get up!
Move your fucking arse!
Come on then, you
fucking pansies. Do me first.
No, Mitch.
Mitch, just use the gat.
So you're gonna stick
me, Mitchell, is that it?
Mitchell, shoot 'em!
- Why?
- Because it's fucking quicker!
Is that how you'd let
your sergeant go out, Jones?
- I'll shoot them!
- No, you won't.
You'll let him stick me?
Like a fucking dog?
I'm gonna enjoy this.
You stupid cunt! What are you doing?
What? You wanna shoot me?
- You wanna shoot me? I'll fucking kill you!
- Where's he fucking gone?
Fuck it! Get up! Get after him!
- Jones, move it!
- I can see him! I can see him!
Where are you?
- Can you see him?
- Through there!
Oh no. We're fucked.
We're fucked!
Relax.
He's over the wall.
He's got no vehicle.
And no shooter.
He's dead.
Now, the first
thing we're going to do
is make you look a
little more presentable.
It's so happens that the lady of the
house has an extensive wardrobe,
which she certainly
has no use for.
- You can't do it to Hannah.
- No.
Go to the master bedroom,
pick out a wide selection.
Yes, sir.
No...
Ladies...
- It's only dressing up!
- No! Selena!
- I thought girls liked dressing up.
- Expensive dresses.
Selena!
Whoa, whoa, relax!
Selena! Selena!
You need to leave me
alone with Hannah. Okay?
- Listen, all right, the OC... wants...
- He wants us to dress up nice.
If you want us to get changed,
you have to leave the room. Okay?
It's just polite.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
Come on, lads. Let's
leave the room.
We're gonna eat these, Hannah, okay?
Come on. Eat these.
Are you trying to kill me?
No, sweetheart.
I'm making you not care. Okay?
What you doing?!
- Someone's at the blockade!
- Jim!
Move!
Stay here and put
the dresses on.
Well, let's go! Go!
He went over the wall.
We thought he'd be dead.
Shut up, Jones! Stay here.
Davis?
Fuck it!
- What was that?
- Lightning.
I heard something.
It sounded like a
Claymore to me.
All right, I'll go and hit the
floods, take a butcher's.
Girls,
keep an eye on him, will ya?
Those pills,
I think they're
having an effect.
I can feel them. And...
I don't feel sleepy.
But...
They've been a long time.
What are you gonna do if
they don't come back?
Would you be the officer
if Henry was dead?
Is that the way it works?
Shut up.
I don't think they are coming back.
I think they've been killed.
- I said shut up!
- Hannah...
They're dead.
And you're gonna be next.
- Get up!
- Whoa!
We're gonna get out of here. Stay
with that, Hannah. Stay with it.
Don't worry. I feel fine.
Really.
Get him off me!
It's Jones! It's Jones!
Oi! Where the fuck are you going, oi?
What's all the fucking shouting about?
Well, don't just stand there,
you soppy cunt! Get after them!
You two, in there! Move!
Come on, then!
What the fuck you gonna do now?
Come on up!
Col!
Defend these stairs
with your fucking life!
Hannah!
- Mailer's loose.
- Hannah!
Sorry...
- Sir...
- Shh.
Shh.
Hannah?
Selena?
I haven't got any bullets. I
haven't got any fucking bullets!
Don't fucking leave me!
Come on!
Move!
Move! Move!
It's just you and
me now, darlin'.
But don't worry, I'm gonna
get you out of here.
Then we'll find a nice little fucking
place somewhere. Just you and me.
And we'll live happy
ever after, eh?
That was longer
than a heartbeat.
Jim?
Listen. Listen. It's
not all fucked.
We're gonna be okay.
It's not all fucked.
- I've got to explain something...
- Shut up.
It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay...
Hannah, it's okay!
He's not infected.
But I thought he was biting you.
I was kissing her.
Are you stoned?
It's a long story.
We have to get out of here.
Come on!
Come on! Move!
You killed all my boys.
Wait...
Hannah!
Hannah? Hannah!
Get in.
They're locked.
The gates are locked!
Just fucking do it!
Come on, Jim, breathe!
Fucking breathe!
Not the curtains as well.
You looked all right
in this, you know.
It's coming!
- You definitely heard it?
- Yeah!
- I can't hear anything!
- I told you, I heard it!
Go.
Do you think he
saw us this time?